GNU transitions UNIX to freedom

In 1984, Richard M. Stallman started the GNU project, recursively named by the phrase GNU is Not UNIX.
As a project of the Free Software Foundation (FSF), GNU was intended to become a recoding of the entire UNIX OS that could be freely distributed.

The term free software has been mostly replaced by the term open source software.
The term free software is preferred by the Free Software Foundation, while open source is promoted by the Open Source Initiative.

To accommodate both camps, some people use the term Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) instead.

An underlying principle of FOSS, however, is that although you are free to use the software as you like, you have some responsibility to make
the improvements that you make to the code available to others. This way, everyone in the community can benefit from your work, as you have 
benefited from the work of others.

To define clearly how open source software should be handled, the GNU software project created GNU Public Licence, or GPL.

although many software licenses cover slightly different approaches to protecting free software, the GNU is the most well known and it's the one that
covers the Linuc kernel itself.

The GNU Public Licence includes the following basic featured:

    Author rights: /
        The original author retains the right to their software.
    Free distribution: 
        People can use the GNU software in their own software, changing and redistributing
        it as they please. They do, however, have to include the source code with their distribution 
        (or make it easily available).
    Copyright maintained:
        Even if you were to repackage and resell the software, the original GNU agreement must be maintained
        with the software, which means that all future recipients of the software have the opportunity to change
        the source code, just as you did.

There is no warranty on GNU software. If something goes wrong, the original developer of the software has no obligation to fix the problem.
However, many organizations, large and small, offer paid support for the software when it is included on their Linux or other open source software distribution.

Despitr its success in producing thousands of UNIX utilities, the GNU project itself failed to produce the kernel.