RHCSA topics

    Understanding essential tools
        I am expected to have a working knowledge of the command shell (bash), including how to use proper command syntax and do input/output
        redirection (< > >>).
        I need to know how to log in to remote and local systems.
        create, edit, move, copy, link, delete and change permission and owership on files.
        I should know how to look up information on man pages and /usr/share/doc
        (most of these topics are covered in Chapter 3 and Chapter 4 in this book, Chapter 5 describes how to edit and find files.)

    Operate running systems:
        understand the linux boot process, and how to shut down, reboot and change to different targets (previously called runlevels).
        I need to identify and kill processes as requested.
        I must be able to find and interpret log files.
        (Chapter 15 describes how to change target and manage system services. Chapter 6 on managing and changing processes. Logging is Chapter 13)

    Configure local storage:
        Setting up disk partitions includes creating physical volumes and configuring them to be used for logical volume management (LVM) or encryption (LUKS).
        I should be able to set up those partitions as filesystem or swap space that can be mounted or enabled at boot time.
        (Disk partitioning and LVM are covered in chapter 12. LUKS and other encryption topics are described in chapter 23, "Understanding Advanced Linux Security")

    Create and configure filesystem:
        Create and automatically mount different kinds of filesystems, including regular Linux filesystems (ext2, ext3, or ext4) and network filesystems (NFS).
        Create collaborative directories using the set group ID bit fature.
        I must be able to use LVM to extend the size of a logical volume.
        (Filesystem topics are covered in Chapter 12, Chapter 20 for NFS coverage)

    Deploy, configure, and maintain systems:
        This covers a range of topics, including configuring networing and creating cron tasks.
        For software packaging, I must be able to install packages from Red Hat CDN, a remote repository, or the local filesystem.
        (Cron facility is described in Chapter 13)

    Manage users and groups:
        I must know how to add, delete, and change user and group accounts.
        I must know password aging, using the chage command.
        (chapter 11 for information on configuring users and groups)

    Manage security:
        I must have a basic Understanding of how to set up a firewall (firewalld, system-config-firewall, or iptables) and how to use SELinux
        I must be able to setup SSH to do key-based authentication.
        (learn about SELinux in chapter 24, Firewalls are covered in chapter 25, chapter 13)